---
tags: #paraguay
---
Car crash nation like bumper cars in Paraguay.

And the weather is like the traffic, chaotic.

The charming colored humans everywhere. 

But still put in place by the natural world, not like us moderns. 

No, not like us.

Us divorced and seperated from our natural instincts, cutoff from our true
natures.

And I never saw weather more violent and natural and forceful.

And somehow that nature it spills into their physces and makes them humble
humans again. 

But inside their cars they are maniacs.

More like how humans were meant to be like if they had an instructional manual
for them  than the technocratic types of "modern" humans that seem to want to
change the planet into a large computer.

Only place where I saw more traffic chaotic and dangerous was when I drove the #1 in Vietnam on a 180cc honda bike. 

For my mind it will always be the real highway of death, even with just 180ccs.

Little yellow people crashing into each other, but it is a different type of
crashing and a different type of little.

It is a different type of oblviousness and every country on earth with humans
has it's oblviousnesses.

Every human has their oblviousness. 

I guess we are entitled to them. 

Not like that of the Colombians where you can't tell or not if they are just
actually really spiteful and hate all the gringos. 

I don't know. They can be charming too. And oblvious.

There is a certain oblivousiness to Latin America in general, Asia less so. 

Asia is same same but different.

The Paraguayans seem more like they are comfortable in oblvion.

Sometimes they even seem asian to me in the way that they are nice and friendly
and they are trying to create a peaceful soceity.

Not like the colombians. 

The colombians are more like the mexicans. 

Except the mexicans seem quieter and less chaotic, and more cultured with
brilliant things like their food and day of the dead. 

And the Panamanians aren't like any of them (at least they like to think that).
That physce is more isolated. Introverted. But not in a good way I think.

But the parguayans seem more natural like naturla humans in some way.

At times it feels like a nation adrift in an ocean even though it is land
locked. 

Like after an apocolyptic war or something. Except there are food buffets
everywhere, and you'd assume because of all the buffets that it was an aging
population, but in fact, the popuplation leans more towards the young side.

And sometimes in the morning (far too often) I hear a sound in the distance of someone slamming
on car breaks, and then the car sliding across the pavement for 5 seconds, follwed by the invevitable sound
of shattering class and concrete and just in general the sounds that accompany
nations full of bad drivers.

And someone told me there is a whole hospital ward somewhere in Asuncion full of almost tobe formerly bad drivers. 

And everywhere you go in the country, each car is different, like only one of
them was importarted or like how Cuba has all those old cars from the 1950s.

And each car at least has one dent in them. 

You couldn't count them all.

And everywhere you go is also like a different timezone. 

Like I went to this old Telecom building Copaco once by Mercado 4, because I couldn't figure out how to make a
long distance call on my iPhone without it costing $20 a minute with Tigo. 

And everything in the building was from the 1950s.

Thye had these glass phone booths you can go in, and a phone call costs far less
than Tigo. Copaco Cabinas. 

But another building down the street would make you feel like you were in the
1980s.

There are different timezones in this small country like every 2 blocks I feel
as if I'm in a different time zone.

Maybe that is why they all crash in their cars, they are in different timezones. 


Possibly a paraguayan was in the room when Enstein first said time and space are
not absolute, and in fact they are one thing called spacetime and it is all
relative.

Perhaps they took it to heart and this is why they all crash their cars into
each other, becuase they have no shared absolute time and space.

A nations of bad accidents all colliding into each
other.

But when they get out of their car. 

You expect them to be drunk, (and sometimes they are).

But they have this most unexpected quality of being the most charming people,
those Guaranis, something so humbel and still earnest in them.

And still not the violent creatures they seem to be if you only observe their driving
skills.



