Even breakfast in Medellin can be an asthetic experience. Take for example most
coffee shoups. The ones where a crossaint and beverage cost like 30K pesos. This
is all just flour and sugar packaged a certain way.

It has not changed in lass of flours, however, what are they actually paying
for?

I can go get the same experience (materially) at a small cafe del dia. The
culture in these shops will be completely exotic and forgien. WHen the
forgneiner goes to a strange land, small parts of it will not be strange nor
exotic. In fact they will be catered to that modern technocratic intellect. And
most of the world operates as it if was in the early 20th century.

And all these cafes are too much of what we could call the bourgious. In fact I
find myself quite forgien in these bourgeious cafes, and that I do not like the
experience of them. 

It feels fake or awkard or they have "TOO MUCH CON MUCHO GUSTO".

Which this is a great phrase that every Paisa says, which means "with great
pleasure", and they say it all the time when you ask them for something, so in
reality it is quite charming.

But sometimes, I'm like, fuck this is "TOO MEDELLIN, or TOO MUCH CON MUCHO
GUSTO", and it's mostly this bourgeious thing that I'm talking about.

I guess in this respect I prefer to be a simpler man, my more middle class
mentality shows itself. And it leads me to interactions, when I do interact with
rich people, of them being the most rational rich people, and not what I would
call "THE STUPID RICH PEOPLE" because they ssee that pragmaticism and these
types mostly got rich by being pramatic.


The ones that are actually in the 21st century is like 10% of the planet. And
they have all their own varieties and infections of diseases.

For exmaple a disease that was created in my life time, staring at the phone.
Being on the phone. This disease of trying to turn all of life into a computer
could well be the final destruction of the human race (as if nuclear power was
not bad enough).

And if we reduce these problems down, they come down to a more scientific
secular world view, than religous, (not saying that religious views do not also
have problems)... however their consquences are much less severe and more
contained than are scientific advancemends.


# The Focus Machine
What is the focus machine?

Well as I mostly laid on the floor in 2025, practically dying from liver
disease, I thought what would I like to do or own before I die.

And what I would like in the current world, is a FOCUS MACHINE.

So a FOCUS MACHINE is a kind of writer's deck. Only, my version of it I am of
course running NEO VIM, because I grew up on command lines and understand that
this has always been a fair superiour computing experience than what normies do
with their mice and trackpads and icons and etc.

Just simply the world of TEXT, is the most and best world that us as humans have
ever invented in thousands of years.

And now I see that world like the brazlian rainforest, being chopped down before
me.

The basic attention spans of humans is changing and in a very bad way.

And we need to tie ourselves to the trees so they cant cut them all down. So a
focus mahcine bhy it's very nature, is jus the simplest and most useful
computer. 

It is right after they invented the word processor. If we could go back to first
version of word processors that is the world I want to live in.

It's a world where our brians are absolutely healthier than they are now.

I am actually glad to see that the Apple vision pro in terms of a product has
completely failed.

I;m going back to 1999. I'm putting a tracking visitor counter on my webpage and
just going to publihs my thoughts and keep a blog.

I don't care if I'm seen as old. 

I will be fine on my NEOVIM setup on my computing mahcine for life. 

I'm done with corporate computers. 

I want the most productive computer I've ever known. 

A blinking cursor... our society would have been much better off with out the
modern GUI touchscreen.

ANd I wish at bottom to live in this alternate universe.

