Some random thoughts this morning. There are things that bother me about living
here. First off I appreciate all the help Russ has given me. But I like to be in
my own mode, my own energy, be my own man. And he can be quite annoying in
certain ways like with lip smacking when eating food or the sound of his
keyboard when writing on a computer or a bunch of other things. I'd also love to
get out of Colombia. So I need some money coming in for sure. That is key, and
maybe we wait a while for this whole business to take off a little. He can be a
good friend in a certain way. But all these hyper masculine men they are all
kind of silly in a certain way. They are all kind of desperate too. But anyways
I don't really have time to critize others. I need to focus on rebuilding some
way to make money. That is the greatest concern at the moment. Everything else
is of secondary importance, no?

I feel above them in a physcological way, but maybe I'm not? Or of just another
world or something? Having to fight with these things is so unnatural. How do we
make it happen? Where do I belong? 

I am older too now, and I have this feeling like women just do not have the same
power they had over my imagination and still have over all these others.

This whole scene in Medellin of chasing women or partying, etc. I am so over it
and have been for such a long time and if you are not really into a country, man
I need to leave bro. God I need to get a way, and go some place quiet and
peaceful, maybe a beach town or something or some hippie commune, I don't really
know. But god I cannot be here in 2027...
